In this episode, we'll explore the
narcissistic personality style at the
neurotic level of organization. At this
level, we're no longer talking about
personality disorders. In neurotic
organization, there are sufficient ego
strengths and capacities to defend
against the significant distortions of
thought, feeling, and perception that
are typically associated with
personality disorders. Here we encounter
mature object relations and a more
organized sense of self. The shift to
neurotic organization symbolizes the
emergence of stable and coherent self
and object images, the capacity for
mature grief and remorse, and ultimately
the ability to love others in a more
stable and balanced Right.